README.md, before:

# Tango

A digital painting program where artwork creation is a collaborative process with the computer.

## Project Goals

The aim for this project is to create a unique digital painting application that responds to your input in interesting ways with "brushes" that don't attempt to mimic any traditional media. In doing this, I hope to provoke a dialog between the artist and computer, where the computer responds to the artist's input and the artist responds to the computer's output.

Additionally, this project is meant to be an ongoing experiment that brings me back to programming and messing about with generative art.

# Installation Instructions

1. Clone the repo.
2. Run `npm install`.
3. Hope for the best.

# Development Workflow

1. Run `gulp` from the command line to start a local server with hot reloading.
2. Write code and make art.

## TODOs

View the [`TODO.md`](TODO.md) to see what I'm thinking of (and what I'm not thinking of).

# Miscellaneous Notes

- The `p5PointerEvents` class will eventually become a [`p5.js`](https://github.com/processing/p5.js) library to more easily handle events from a pen tablet or pen display. I'm just using this repo to evolve its functionality and design until it feels right, at which point I'll create a separate repo for it.
- I had a heck of a time getting a simple project set up with hot reloading of the browser. Modern web tooling is such a pain. I really wanted to use this as an opportunity to learn some ES6 and modern Javascript development, but a few hours in and I realized I was letting the tooling setup get in the way of actually writing code.

# License

[ISC](https://opensource.org/licenses/ISC)

Copyright 2022 Mike Creighton

Commit message:

Updating build script and README.

README.md, after:

# Tango

A digital painting program where artwork creation is a collaborative process with the computer.

## Project Goals

The aim for this project is to create a unique digital painting application that responds to your input in interesting ways with "brushes" that don't attempt to mimic any traditional media. In doing this, I hope to provoke a dialog between the artist and computer, where the computer responds to the artist's input and the artist responds to the computer's output.

Additionally, this project is meant to be an ongoing experiment that brings me back to programming and messing about with generative art.

# Installation Instructions

1. Clone the repo.
2. Run `npm install`.
3. Hope for the best.

# Development Workflow

1. Run `npm run start` from the command line to start a local server with hot reloading.
2. Write code and make art.

# Building for Production

1. Run `npm run build` from the command line to build a release which is output to the `./dist` directory.
2. Share it with your friends on the internet.

## TODOs

View the [`TODO.md`](TODO.md) to see what I'm thinking of (and what I'm not thinking of).

# Miscellaneous Notes

- The `p5PointerEvents` class will eventually become a [`p5.js`](https://github.com/processing/p5.js) library to more easily handle events from a pen tablet or pen display. I'm just using this repo to evolve its functionality and design until it feels right, at which point I'll create a separate repo for it.
- I had a heck of a time getting a simple project set up with hot reloading of the browser. Modern web tooling is such a pain. I really wanted to use this as an opportunity to learn some ES6 and modern Javascript development, but a few hours in and I realized I was letting the tooling setup get in the way of actually writing code.

# License

[ISC](https://opensource.org/licenses/ISC)

Copyright 2022 Mike Creighton
